Updating Documentation For Using LeRobot (#21)
TrossenRobotics/trossen_arm: docs/index.rst

*   :doc:`specifications` - Contains specification information for the Trossen Arms and related hardware.
*   :doc:`getting_started` - These guides will walk you through the setup process for your Trossen Arm.

> *   :doc:`tutorials` - Step-by-step guides for using the Trossen Arm with LeRobot for Imitation Learning.

Reviewer: tutorials will be more general than just lerobot. we'll have ROS 2 and simulations here as well

> *   :doc:`tutorials` - Step-by-step guides for using the Trossen Arm with different softwares like ROS2, Mujoco, LeRobot, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*   :doc:`tutorials` - Step-by-step guides for using the Trossen Arm with third party packages and frameworks.
```
